**Continuous Delivery Foundation**
**MINUTES OF GOVERNING BOARD**
November 12, 2020

A regular meeting of the Governing Board of the Continuous Delivery Foundation was held on November 12, 2020 at 10:04 a.m. Pacific Time via teleconference.

**Governing Board Voting Members**
* John Mark Walker (Capital One)
* Anders Wallgren, (CloudBees)
* Tom Trahan (Circle CI)
* Tracy Ragan (DeployHub, General Member Rep)
* Michael Winser (Google)
* David Lai (Huawei/Futurewei)
* Peter Klenk (IBM)
* Stephen Chin (JFrog)
* Michael Galloway (Netflix)
* Dan Lorenc (Google, TOC Chair)

**Not in Attendance**
* Katsuhita Ohta (Fujitsu)
* Dilip Pai (Salesforce)
* Rosalind Benoit (Armory, Outreach Committee Chair)

**Also Participating**
* Tracy Miranda (CDF)
* Jacque Salinas (CDF)
* Gale McCommons (The Linux Foundation)
* Emily Ruf (The Linux Foundation)

**Call to Order**

Gale McCommons called the meeting to order at​ 10:04 a.m. Pacific Time and r​ecorded the minutes. ​A quorum of the CDF Governing Board Members was established for the conduct of business, and the meeting, having been duly convened, was ready to proceed with business.

**Antitrust Policy Notice**

Gale McCommons reviewed and reiterated the Linux Foundation Antitrust Policy with the Governing Board, with the Governing Board affirming.

**Agenda**

Gale McCommons introduced the agenda for the meeting. There were no additional topics added. Tracy Miranda noted that Tracy Ragan and Stephen Chin have updates to share during open discussion.

**Meeting Minutes Approval**

Gale McCommons introduced the topic of meeting minutes approval. A motion by Dan Lorenc was made and seconded by Tracy Ragan. Stephen Chin and Peter Klenk abstained from voting as they were not present at the previous meeting.

**Resolved** ​: That the 13 August 2020 Meeting Minutes are approved, as described with any modifications, and as included within the records of the corresponding governing board meeting, are hereby approved.

**Staffing Update**

Gale McCommons introduced the topic of staffing updates. Gale McCommons welcomed Tracy Miranda as the Executive Director, and presented a resolution to adopt voting procedures for the governing board chair position as mentioned in Exhibit D of the meeting materials. A motion was made by Stephen Chin and seconded by Michael Winser to adopt the voting procedures. A vote was taken, and consensus was reached to adopt the voting procedures.

RESOLVED, that the election procedures as agreed to in the meeting are hereby adopted and
approved.

[Link to election procedures](https://github.com/cdfoundation/foundation/blob/master/Elections.MD)


**Membership Updates**

Tracy Miranda introduced the topic of membership update. Tracy Miranda then shared metrics detailing membership growth over time by type. Discussion ensued regarding growth targets, and future growth planning for the foundation.

**Budget**

Tracy Miranda introduced the topic of Budget, and shared a summary of the historical CDF budget starting in March 2019. Tracy Miranda also shared the status of membership renewals and expected membership income. Tracy Miranda shared updates with regards to expenses this year, a high level overview of spending to date, and projected expenses for the remainder of the calendar year.

**Project Updates**

Tracy Miranda introduced the topic of project graduations, and shared an update regarding project proposals. Ortelius submitted a proposal, and a vote is in progress within the TOC. Discussion ensued regarding strategy for CDF projects.

**cdCon 2020 Recap and cdCon 2021 Planning**

Jacque Salinas introduced the topic of cdCon 2020 recap. Jacque Salinas noted that cdCon had 1354 registrants and 949 attendees, and that attendees spent an average of eight hours on the platform. Jacque Salinas also shared a detailed breakdown of the attendee demographics, and attendee and speaker diversity. Discussion ensued regarding the 2020 event.

[cdCon 2020 Transparency report](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1ljK2mSLP7MG-K-YqA58y73pnDKsgweTK/view)

Tracy Miranda introduced the topic of cdCon 2021 planning. The key objective of the future event is to run the event at cost and to align the ecosystem. The dates for the virtual event have been decided as June 23 - June 24. Tracy Miranda shared that two options are also being evaluated for the event. Discussion ensued regarding virtual event planning and options for modelling the event.

**Outreach and Community Updates**

Jacque Salinas introduced the topic of outreach and community updates. Jacque Salinas noted that Spinnaker Summit is wrapping up today. Jacque Salinas shared an overview of Hacktoberfest and invited members to contribute to future Hacktoberfest events.

Jacque Salinas also shared an update of recent newsletter topics, and shared that newsletter subscriptions have increased from 1200 to 5000 subscribers. Dan Lorenc noted that November was the first month of project involvement with the newsletter, and requested additional metrics to share with the TAC.

Jacque Salinas shared that the ambassador program has started publishing CDF content on Twitch.TV.

Jacque Salinas shared a social media update, and noted that social metrics are down as funding was previously directed to paid media content, and that funding is no longer directed to social media for paid promotions at this time.

Jacque Salinas proceeded to share an update on the webinar program, and noted that 10 member webinar programs have been hosted to date and are published to the foundation youtube channel.

**Training Updates**

Jacque Salinas introduced the topic of training updates, and shared an update from LF Training and edX courses. There are currently two Jenkins courses published. Tracy Miranda also shared that the LF Training will be invited to a future governing board meeting to share additional training course creation plans.

**Open Discussion**

Tracy Miranda introduced the topic of open discussion. Stephen Chin noted an interest in generating an article about open source foundations and open source governance. Stephen Chin will put together a draft of the document, and requested quotes from governing board members and feedback on the document itself. Tracy Ragan, Dan Lorenc, and Michael Winser expressed interest in participating. Stephen Chin took an action item to email the governing board with progress. 

Tracy Ragan opened discussion of plans for a website refresh in 2021. Tracy Ragan shared that the cd.foundation website currently targets existing members, but does not include clear member benefits. Tracy Ragan shared a detailed proposal of website needs to improve the website as an asset. Discussion ensued regarding website refresh needs and funding.

**Adjournment**

With no further topics discussed, Tracy Miranda adjourned the meeting of the Governing Board at 11:38 a.m. Pacific Time.
