# Continuous Delivery Foundation
**MINUTES OF GOVERNING BOARD**  
**April 15, 2021**
 
A regular meeting of the Governing Board of the Continuous Delivery Foundation was held on April 15, 2021 at 4:00 p.m. Pacific Time via teleconference.
 
**Governing Board Voting Members**

* Tracy Ragan (DeployHub, General Member Rep)
* David Lai (Huawei/Futurewei)
* Steve Chin (JFrog)
* Jennifer Hooper (Armory)

**Not in Attendance**
* Anders Wallgren, (CloudBees)
* Tom Trahan (Circle CI)
* Michael Galloway (Netflix)
* Dan Lorenc (Google, TOC Chair)
* Katsuhita Ohta (Fujitsu)
* Nikhil Kaul (Google)
* Jayne Groll (DevOps Institute, General Member Rep)

**Also Participating**

* Tracy Miranda (CDF)
* Jacque Salinas (CDF)
* Gale McCommons (The Linux Foundation)
* Tara Hernandez (Google)


### Actions
Gale will invite Craig Ross to the next outreach committee meeting 

### Call to Order

Gale McCommons called the meeting to order at 4:05 p.m. Pacific Time and recorded the minutes. A quorum of the CDF Governing Board Members was established for the conduct of business, and the meeting, having been duly convened, was ready to proceed with business.

### Antitrust Policy Notice

Gale McCommons reviewed and reiterated the Linux Foundation Antitrust Policy with the Governing Board, with the Governing Board affirming. 

### Agenda

Steve Chin introduced the agenda for the meeting. There were no additional topics added. 

1. Minutes approval
2. Charter resolution update
3. Membership update
4. CDF elections
5. cdCon 2021
6. New Projects Portfolio
7. Open Discussion

### Meeting Minutes Approval

Gale McCommons introduced the topic of meeting minutes approval. There was not a quorum of governing board members to hold a vote to approve the minutes, and Gale McCommons took an action item to submit the minutes for approval via email. 

**Resolved**: That the 11 March 2021 Meeting Minutes are approved, as described with any modifications, and as included within the records of the corresponding governing board meeting, are hereby approved.

### Charter Resolution Update

Gale McCommons introduced the topic of charter resolution update, and shared that the resolution passed following a vote conducted by email as is documented in Exhibit C - Please Vote_ CDF Charter Update.

**Resolved**: That the amendments to the Continuous Delivery Foundation Charter, in the form presented to the Board and attached hereto as Exhibit C, are hereby approved and adopted.

### CDF Elections

Tracy Miranda introduced the topic of CDF elections. She welcomed Tiffany Jachja as the new outreach committee chairperson. Tiffany Jachja introduced herself and communicated that she is excited to serve on the outreach committee as the new chair. She also invited members to share with her any ideas they have to improve the outreach committee. Steve Chin congratulated Tiffany Jachja on her win. 

Tracy Miranda proceeded to announce the additional election winners. CDF membership has grown sufficiently to allow for two general member representatives. Tracy Ragan is returning to continue her service as a general member representative, and Jayne Groll is also joining as a general member representative. Tracy Miranda announced that David Lai will continue in his role as treasurer/budget committee chair. She also announced that Fatih Degirmenci has been elected to the TOC end user representative seat. 

### Membership Update

Tracy Miranda introduced the topic of membership update, and reviewed the membership KPI. Discussion ensued regarding membership pipeline and updates. Tracy Miranda proceeded to share that there is increased focus in 2021 on the end user member experience, and there is continued execution against the end user council plan. The CDF end user leadership forum kickoff event on 31 March was a success with 229 registrations. Discussion ensued regarding the end user council. 

### cdCon 2021

Jacque Salinas introduced the topic of cdCon 2021, and reviewed the OKRs and goals for this year. She shared the registration trackers for all upcoming events, GitOps Summit, Spinnaker Summit, cdCon 2021, and Jenkins Contributor Summit. She shared that Spinnaker Summit is behind goal in registrations, and there is a marketing plan to increase registrations. She proceeded to share a sponsorship sales update, and noted that sales are doing very well. The goal of $200k has been surpassed and reached $266k. The program has been announced for GitOps Summit, Spinnaker Summit and cdCon. 

### New Projects Portfolio

Steve Chin introduced the topic of the new projects portfolio, and shared that the new addition to the CDF/CNCF landscape went live today. The CDF landscape has been embedded on the CNCF landscape and vice versa. Discussion ensued regarding potential projects that can be added to the landscape. Steve Chin also noted that there are gaps in the CDF project portfolio including testing, security, and observability. 


### Wrap Up

Steve Chin introduced the topic of Wrap Up. Tracy Miranda shared that progress is being made to increase membership. The Q2 top three priorities are membership, end user focus, and cdCon. 

### Open Discussion

Steve Chin introduced the topic of open discussion. Tracy Ragan provided an open discussion topic for the CDF website. She shared that now that Tiffany Jachja is onboard as the new outreach chair, it is time to move forward on the website. She noted that the board should provide direction to Tiffany Jachja on how to move forward with the website. Discussion ensued regarding website planning. 

Tracy Miranda added an open discussion topic for Eventing/Observability projects. Steve Chin asked the governing board for feedback on the new format. David Lai shared that he liked the new format, and liked that more time was allotted for open discussion. 

### Adjournment

With no further topics discussed, Tracy Miranda adjourned the meeting of the Governing Board at 5:01 p.m. Pacific Time.

