# Continuous Delivery Foundation
**MINUTES OF GOVERNING BOARD**  
**June 10, 2021**

A regular meeting of the Governing Board of the Continuous Delivery Foundation was held on June 10, 2021 at 4:00 p.m. Pacific Time via teleconference.
 
**Governing Board Voting Members**
* Tom Trahan (Circle CI)
* Tracy Ragan (DeployHub, General Member Rep)
* David Lai (Huawei/Futurewei)
* Stephen Chin (JFrog)
* Eric Chiang (Netflix)
* Jennifer Hooper (Armory)
* Jason Hall (Red Hat)

**Not in Attendance**
* Anders Wallgren, (CloudBees)
* Jayne Groll (DevOps Institute, General Member Rep)
* Dan Lorenc (Google, TOC Chair)
* Katsuhita Ohta (Fujitsu)
* Nikhil Kaul (Google)
	
**Also Participating**
* Tracy Miranda (CDF)
* Jacqueline Z Cardoso (The Linux Foundation)
* Gale McCommons (The Linux Foundation)
* Emily Ruf (The Linux Foundation)
* Tiffany Jachja (Harness)


### Actions
Tracy Miranda will follow up on trademark application statuses for Ortelius and Tekton

### Call to Order
Jacqueline Z Cardoso called the meeting to order at 4:02 p.m. Pacific Time, and Gale McCommons recorded the minutes. A quorum of the CDF Governing Board Members was established for the conduct of business, and the meeting, having been duly convened, was ready to proceed with business.

### Antitrust Policy Notice
Jacqueline Z Cardoso reviewed and reiterated the Linux Foundation Antitrust Policy with the Governing Board, with the Governing Board affirming. 


### Agenda
Stephen Chin introduced the agenda for the meeting. There were no additional topics added. 
1. Introductions
    * Approval of Minutes
    * Welcome new Red Hat GB rep
2. Membership Update
3. Budget Update
4. TOC  Update
5. cdCon 2021 Update
6. Discussion
    * Invited Guest: Alois Reitbauer, Dynatrace - Events SIG & Keptn
    * State of CD Report
7. AOB

### Meeting Minutes Approval
Jacqueline Z Cardoso introduced the topic of meeting minutes approval. Jason Hall made a motion, Jennifer Hooper made a second. 

**Resolved**: That the 13 May 2021 Meeting Minutes are approved, as described with any modifications, and as included within the records of the corresponding governing board meeting, are hereby approved.

### New Member Introductions
Stephen Chin introduced the topic of membership update, and welcomed Jason Hall from Red Hat. Jason Hall thanked Stephen Chin, and shared that he helped to create and launch Tekton. He shared that he has been excited about CDF since Tekton joined, and noted it has been exciting to see the growth in the foundation. He also noted that when he joined Red Hat, one of his priorities was to involve Red Hat directly with CDF and to grow Red Hat’s participation in the foundation. 

### Membership Update
Tracy Miranda introduced the topic of membership update, and shared that she is happy to report that the AWS membership has been finalized and will be announced at cdCon. Discussion ensued regarding the membership pipeline.

### Budget update
Tracy Miranda introduced the topic of budget update. She shared a review of the end of Q1 including projected revenue which is largely centered around membership with additional revenue from sponsorship. She proceeded to share a high level overview of the budgeted spend and approximate spend to date. Discussion ensued regarding next steps for the budget.

### Technical Oversight Committee (TOC)
Stephen Chin introduced the topic of TOC, and shared the status of general elections. He noted that votes will remain open until the end of day on Friday. He proceeded to share a new project proposal for Shipwright. 

### cdCon 2021
Tracy Miranda introduced the topic of cdCon 2021. She shared that registration has topped 2000 for GitOps summit, Spinnaker has hit 1452, cdCon breaking 4000, and Jenkins is aiming to hit 1k and is on track to achieve their goal. Attendance was at 1300 at cdCon in 2020, and Spinnaker attendance was at 656 in 2020. She noted that sponsorships have sold out at main tiers.

As work is moving toward execution, the team is starting to look ahead at future events. KubeCon may be the first in-person event held at CNCF. CDF will participate (co-brand) with the Supply Chain Security day 0 event. It will be a collocated event; the date is TBD, and will take place on either Monday October 11 or Tuesday October 12. The event will be announced at cdCon. Other collocated events with CNCF may include another GitOps event. Discussion ensued regarding collocated events with CNCF. 

### Wrap Up
Tracy Miranda introduced the topic of wrap up, and recapped the top three priorities of the foundation for 2021.

### Invited Guest: Alois Reitbauer, Dynatrace - Events SIG & Keptn
Stephen Chin introduced Alois Reitbauer from Dynatrace to speak about the Events SIG. Alois Reitbauer shared an overview of Keptn.sh. He shared that the Events SIG is working on standardizing events. He noted that the CNCF Keptn project has a similar initiative, and that it is possible to merge the two efforts. He proceeded to share the Events options that are available now. He also shared a list of companies that are using Keptn events. 

### 2021 State of DevOps Report - Nikhil Kaul
Tracy Miranda introduced the topic of the State of DevOps Report, and noted that the survey is out. She shared that she will circulate the survey and follow-up details via email.


### AOB
Stephen Chin introduced the topic of open discussion. There were no additional topics for open discussion.


### Adjournment
With no further topics discussed, Tracy Miranda adjourned the meeting of the Governing Board at 5:00 p.m. Pacific Time.

