# Continuous Delivery Foundation
**MINUTES OF GOVERNING BOARD**  
**May 13, 2021**
 
A regular meeting of the Governing Board of the Continuous Delivery Foundation was held on May 13, 2021 at 10:00 a.m. Pacific Time via teleconference.
 
**Governing Board Voting Members**

* Tracy Ragan (DeployHub, General Member Rep)
* Jayne Groll (DevOps Institute, General Member Rep)
* David Lai (Huawei/Futurewei)
* Steve Chin (JFrog)
* Eric Chiang (Netflix)
* Dan Lorenc (Google, TOC Chair)
* Nikhil Kaul (Google)
* Jennifer Hooper (Armory)

**Not in Attendance**

* Anders Wallgren, (CloudBees)
* Tom Trahan (Circle CI)
* Katsuhita Ohta (Fujitsu)

**Also Participating**

* Tracy Miranda (CDF)
* Jacque Salinas (CDF)
* Gale McCommons (The Linux Foundation)
* Emily Ruf (The Linux Foundation)
* Tiffany Jachja (Harness)


### Call to Order

Gale McCommons called the meeting to order at 10:02 a.m. Pacific Time and recorded the minutes. A quorum of the CDF Governing Board Members was established for the conduct of business, and the meeting, having been duly convened, was ready to proceed with business.

### Antitrust Policy Notice

Gale McCommons reviewed and reiterated the Linux Foundation Antitrust Policy with the Governing Board, with the Governing Board affirming. 

### Agenda

Steve Chin introduced the agenda for the meeting. There were no additional topics added. 

1. Introductions
   * Approval of Minutes
2. Governing Board
3. Vote on Membership Agreement Update
4. Membership Update 
5. TOC 
   * TOC Elections
6. cdCon 2021
7. 2021 State of DevOps Report - Nikhil Kaul
8. Project Proposal - ShipWright.io - Dan Lorenc
9. AOB

### Meeting Minutes Approval

Gale McCommons introduced the topic of meeting minutes approval. A motion by Tracy Ragan was made and seconded by Jayne Groll, and approved by all representatives in attendance, the following resolution was adopted

**Resolved**: That the 15 April 2021 Meeting Minutes are approved, as described with any modifications, and as included within the records of the corresponding governing board meeting, are hereby approved.

### Governing Board

Tracy Miranda introduced the topic of governing board updates, and welcomed Eric Chiang as the new representative for Netflix. She expressed thanks to previous Netflix board member Michael Galloway for his contributions. She extended a warm welcome to Eric, and asked him to introduce himself. Eric Chiang shared that he has been working with Netflix for 10.5 years. He shared that he is looking forward to participating in the foundation. 

### Membership Update

Tracy Miranda introduced the topic of membership update, and reviewed the membership goals. She shared the current pipeline of Premier and General members.

### Vote on membership agreement update

Tracy Miranda introduced the topic of membership agreement update, and noted that the current membership agreement requires a two year term. The requirement causes confusion with regards to membership upgrades when a member company has already been engaged with the foundation for two years. She also noted that this clause introduces friction with new member sign ups as many companies plan their budgets on an annual cycle. Tracy Miranda proposed that the clause be removed from the membership agreement so that any new premier members do not have to sign up with that commitment. Jennifer Hooper, Dan Lorenc seconded the motion. A vote was taken and consensus was reached to approve and adopt the resolution.

**Resolved**:  The Governing Board approves removing the two-year membership commitment from the CD Foundation Participation Agreement

### Technical Oversight Committee (TOC)

Tracy Miranda introduced the topic of TOC updates, and highlighted that the TOC is continuing to revamp their structure. The next stage of change is the revision of the open roles as were voted in via the previous charter change. She shared that a call for nominations is open at this time. Dan Lorenc noted that nominations are coming in, and there is a lot of interest. Tracy Miranda requested that governing board members nominate interested individuals, and noted that the eligibility criteria is linked in the deck. 

### cdCon 2021

Jacque Salinas introduced the topic of cdCon 2021. Paid social media campaigns are starting in May to promote Spinnaker Summit. She anticipates achieving the goals by the time of the event. Sponsorship sales for cdCon are doing extremely well, and exceeded the goal of $200k and reached $294.5k. Gold, Silver, Diamond, and Platinum memberships have been sold out. Tracy Miranda thanked Jacque Salinas for all of her work on the events. Tracy Ragan asked if cdCon 2022 has been decided yet, and Tracy Miranda shared that it has not been decided yet. Emily Ruf shared that the foundation has a hold on a venue in Pasadena, and has first right of refusal for the venue if another party becomes interested in using the venue for the decided dates in 2022.  

### Wrap Up

Tracy Miranda introduced the topic of wrap up, and recapped the top three priorities of the foundation for 2021.

### 2021 State of DevOps Report - Nikhil Kaul

Steve Chin introduced the topic of the state of DevOps report. Nikhil Kaul introduced himself. He shared that a survey was launched on 3 May to gather insights from the DevOps community. Previous years focused on dev, focusing on ops this year. Key takeaway, take the survey if you have teams, gain insight/new perspective. Survey remains open for another month. Tracy Miranda shared that the 2019 report was significant for the industry.

### Project Proposal - ShipWright.io - Dan Lorenc

Steve Chin introduced the topic of project proposal. Dan Lorenc shared that Shipwright is planned as a proposed project submission from Red Hat. Shipwright is built on and integrates with Tekton. Discussion ensued regarding Shipwright. 

### AOB

Steve Chin introduced the topic of open discussion. Tracy Miranda noted that the July meeting is cancelled, and the next meeting is planned for 9 June. 

Tracy Miranda introduced Tiffany Jachja as the outreach committee chair. Tiffany Jachja shared that the outreach committee is focused on website strategy, and developing plans for positioning the CDF as thought leaders within the industry. She shared a google doc, and encouraged governing board members to add their ideas.

Outreach committee website ideation document: [Technology Neighborhoods and Content](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11f4w4oTwvXCbdpMiOPF4wP9SeaGJgEZJkg46okeZ_KY/edit)

### Adjournment

With no further topics discussed, Tracy Miranda adjourned the meeting of the Governing Board at 10:47 p.m. Pacific Time.

