# Continuous Delivery Foundation
**MINUTES OF GOVERNING BOARD**  
**March 11, 2021**

A regular meeting of the Governing Board of the ContinuousDelivery Foundation was held on March 11, 2021 at 4:00 p.m. Pacific Time viateleconference.

**Governing Board Voting Members**

* Tom Trahan (Circle CI)
* Tracy Ragan (DeployHub, General Member Rep)
* David Lai (Huawei/Futurewei)
* Steve Chin (JFrog)
* Michael Galloway (Netflix)

**Also Participating**

* Tracy Miranda (CDF)
* Jacque Salinas (CDF)
* Gale McCommons (The Linux Foundation)
* Koji Kobayashi (Fujitsu)

**Not in Attendance**

* Anders Wallgren(CloudBees)
* Nikhil Kaul (Google)
* Dan Lorenc (Google, TOC Chair)
* Katsuhita Ohta (Fujitsu)
* Dilip Pai (Salesforce)
* Emily Ruf (The Linux Foundation)

### Call to Order

Gale McCommons called the meeting to order at 4:05p.m. Pacific Time and recorded the minutes. A quorum of the CDF Governing Board Memberswas established for the conduct of business, and the meeting, having beenduly convened, was ready to proceed with business.

### Antitrust Policy Notice

Gale McCommons reviewed and reiterated the Linux Foundation Antitrust Policy with the Governing Board, with the Governing Board affirming.Steve Chin announced that the meeting time has changed, and that the frequencyhas increased to a monthly cadence at one hour instead of quarterly for one anda half hours

### Agenda

Gale McCommons introduced the agenda for the meeting.There were no additional topics added.

1. Minutes approval
2. CD Foundation Strategic Goals
3. Membership update
4. CDF Elections
5. cdCon 2021
6. TOC Updates
7. CNCF/CDF Initiatives
8. Open Discussion

### Meeting Minutes Approval

Gale McCommons introduced the topic of meeting minutes approval. A motion by Michael Galloway was made and seconded by Tom Trahan, and approved by all representatives in attendance, the following resolution was adopted

**Resolved** : That the 11 February 2021 Meeting Minutes are approved, as described with any modifications, and as included within the records of the corresponding governing board meeting, are hereby approved.

### Membership Update

Tracy Miranda introduced the topic of membership update. Tracy Miranda then shared status updates on renewals and membership changes. Discussion ensued regarding the membership pipeline.

Tracy Miranda proceeded to share an End User member activity update. The Fidelity & CDF panel on 'Measuring DevOps Success' took place on March 11. Capital One has participated in the podcast. Tracy Miranda has also been invited to a roundtable by FINOS to discuss low code and no code in financial markets.

### CDF Elections

Gale McCommons introduced the topic of CDF elections. The positions open for election are Outreach Committee Chair, General Member Representative, TOC End User Representatives, and Treasurer/Budget CommitteeChair. The term for the roles is 1 April 2021 through 31 March 2022. Tracy shared that two general member representative slots are open due to the increasein General Members. TOC end user seats, one open, if charter changes approved, willincrease to two.

### cdCon 2021

Jacque Salinas introduced the topic of cdCon 2021,and shared that registrations are at 30% of goal. She proceeded to share that the sponsorshipgoal of $200k has been exceeded, and sponsorship sales are at $210k. TheCall for Proposals ended on March 5, and the schedule announcement is planned for April2. She also shared that the GitOps Summit will be co-hosted with CNCF.

### CNCF/CDF Initiatives

Steve Chin introduced the topic of CNCF/CDF initiatives. Steve shared that a number of activities are planned to promote co-branding. The focus of the last call with CNCF was on marketing activities the foundations can work on together, including sharing social posts. The Executive Director of CNCF is interestedin a shared podcast and shared webinars across both organizations. Landscape integrationhas also been discussed, and Steve is submitting a request so there will be alignment across the CDF and CNCF landscapes.

### TOC Updates

Tracy Miranda introduced the topic of TOC updates,and shared the TOC update on behalf of Dan Lorenc. The TOC is seeking greater engagement, and Tracy Miranda
reviewed the proposed changes discussed at the previous month’s board meeting. Tracy Miranda provided a detailed walkthrough of thecharter changes, including
language cleanup and cosmetic changes. The charter update includes a change of representatives. Rather than one representative per project, and four project reps
across TOC projects each TOC project may nominateone representative. The change will also increase end user reps from one to two. Discussion ensued regarding TOC
composition.

### Open Discussion

Gale McCommons introduced the topic of open discussion. Tracy Miranda extended a welcome to Koji attending for the first time on behalf of Fujitsu. Koji thanked Tracy for welcoming him, and thanked the group, and communicated that he is looking forward to participating in the group. Steve Chin encouraged the governing board to begin using Slack for follow up on action items between board meetings. Michael Galloway shared that he liked the one hour format. Tracy Ragan shared that she would like to see this time used as a working group, and Michael Galloway seconded this suggestion. Steve Chin made a call for topics for future meetings. Discussion ensued regarding foundation goals and strategy.

### Adjournment

With no further topics discussed, Tracy Miranda adjournedthe meeting of the Governing Board at 4:58 p.m. Pacific Time.
