# Continuous Delivery Foundation
**MINUTES OF GOVERNING BOARD**  
**September 9, 2021**
 
A regular meeting of the Governing Board of the Continuous Delivery Foundation was held on September 9, 2021, at 4:00 p.m. Pacific Time via teleconference.
 
**Governing Board Voting Members**
* Tom Trahan (Circle CI)
* Tracy Ragan (DeployHub, General Member Rep)
* Jayne Groll (DevOps Institute, General Member Rep)
* David Lai (Huawei/Futurewei)
* Stephen Chin (JFrog)
* Eric Chiang (Netflix)
* Emily Freeman (AWS)

**Also Participating**
* Garima Bajpai (Ambassador Chair)
* Tracy Miranda (Continuous Delivery Foundation)
* Jacque Salinas (Continuous Delivery Foundation)
* Michelle Martineau (The Linux Foundation)
* Emily Ruf (The Linux Foundation)
* Brian Dawson (The Linux Foundation)

**Not in Attendance**
* Dan Lorenc (Google, TOC Chair)
* Jennifer Hooper (Armory)
* Jason Hall (Red Hat)
* Anders Wallgren, (CloudBees)
* Katsuhita Ohta (Fujitsu)
* Tiffany Jachja (Harness)
* Koji Kobayashi (Fujitsu)
* Nikhil Kaul (Google)

### Call to Order
Tracy Miranda called the meeting to order at 4:05 p.m. Pacific Time, and Michelle Martineau recorded the minutes. A quorum of the Continuous Delivery Foundation Governing Board Members was established for the conduct of business, and the meeting, having been duly convened, was ready to proceed with business.

### Antitrust Policy Notice
Michelle Martineau reviewed and reiterated the Linux Foundation Antitrust Policy with the Governing Board, with the Governing Board affirming.

### Agenda
Tracy Miranda introduced the agenda for the meeting. There were no additional topics
added.

1. Approval of Minutes
2. Staff Updates
3. Budget Update
4. Strategic Goals & OKRs
    * End User & CD Adoption
    * Brand Awareness
    * OSS Projects Portfolio
5. Ambassador Program - Garima Bajpai
6. AOB

### Meeting Minutes Approval
Michelle Martineau introduced the topic of meeting minutes approval, and upon motion made by Jayne Groll and seconded by Emily Freeman and it was unanimously:

**Resolved:** That the August 12, 2021 Meeting Minutes are approved, as described with any modifications, and as included within the records of the corresponding governing board meeting, are hereby approved.


### Governing Board Updates

Tracy Miranda introduced the topic of Continuous Delivery Foundation Staff Updates. Our offer was accepted for Continuous Delivery Foundation Ecosystem Advocate Kara de la Marck to start October 1st she will drive growth of end user council, technical communities & general advocacy. Continuous Delivery Foundation’s Program Manager has changed from Gale McCommons to Michelle Martineau.

### Budget Update
Tracy Miranda introduced the topic of Continuous Delivery Foundation Budget 2021

2021 budget was approved by the board in January 2021. A recent review of the budget was carried out in September 2021, with a reforecast proposal put forward for the remainder of 2021. Budget discussion ensued.

**Major Updates and Changes Include:**

Regarding marketing and events, cdCon met all budget targets, and no deposit required for event space for cdCon 2022. We will need to adjust the budget to account for extra trademark activity and membership revenue. There was an increase in cloud costs for meetup programs. Regarding staffing, we will need to add a role for Continuous Delivery Foundation Ecosystem Advocate in Q4. 

David Lai asked how Continuous Delivery Foundation sets up their cloud and membership. Discussion ensued.

Tracy Miranda introduced the topic of reducing Program Management costs from Q3. Finally, we were able to recover 116k in bad debt from 2020.

Tracy Ragan brought up Linux Foundation LFX Crowdfunding. The reforecast budget now includes a Projects Development Fund which can be used by projects and should be overseen by the Technical Oversight Committee. 

Tracy Miranda highlighted the increased buffer in the budget from 5% to 10% as reserves.

### 2021 Reforecast Budget Approval
Michelle Martineau introduced the topic of Reforecast Budget Approval, and upon motion made by David Lai and seconded by Tracy Ragan, and it was unanimously:

**Resolved:** That the 2021 reforecasted budget of the Continuous Delivery Foundation, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C, is hereby confirmed, approved and adopted.

### Strategic Goals & OKRs

Tracy Miranda introduced the topic of Continuous Delivery Foundation Strategic Goals 2021.

### End User & CD Adoption

Tracy Miranda introduced the topic of 3 forums that are coming up regarding Tooling and tech, Governance and Compliance, and State of DevOps. 

David Lai made a suggestion for future panels to diversify their communities. Discussion regarding who is included in the council meeting and what is covered in the forums ensued.

Tracy Miranda introduced the topic of the state of CD report and discussed a member call to brief the Continuous Delivery Foundation on the report and encourage contributions before releasing the report to the public.

### Brand Awareness

Jacque Salinas introduced the topic of cdCon and Continuous Delivery Foundation events growth as well as proposals for continued brand awareness efforts including an in-person cdCon June 7-8 2022 in Austin. The hope is that the event is able to run at
cost. Jacque Salinas introduced a rough agenda and timeline for cdCon 2022. Group discussion around other LF events ensued, specifically regarding in-person vs virtual.

Ms. Ragan expressed concern about having the event take place in Texas citing current politics in the state around diversity, equity, and inclusion, discussion ensued. 

Tracy Miranda said we will take these concerns back to the events team and see what our options are.

Jacque Salinas concluded the brand discussion with updates on collaboration with CNCF and increased brand visibility through The Pipeline Continuous Delivery Foundation’s Podcast.

### Ambassador Program
Garima Bajpai introduced the topic of the ambassador program and introduced the strategy for the program. She noted that Q1- And Q2 will be centered on how OSS projects are supported and Q3-Q4 will focus on advancing OSS projects.

### AOB

Tracy Miranda introduced the topic of open discussion and reminded the Board that there will be no October meeting.

There were no additional topics for discussion. 

### Adjournment

With no further topics discussed, Tracy Miranda adjourned the meeting of the Governing Board at 4:52 p.m. Pacific Time.

