# Continuous Delivery Foundation
**MINUTES OF GOVERNING BOARD**  
**August 12, 2021**
 
A regular meeting of the Governing Board of the Continuous Delivery Foundation was held on August 12, 2021 at 10:00 a.m. Pacific Time via teleconference.
 
**Governing Board Voting Members**
* Tom Trahan (Circle CI)
* Tracy Ragan (DeployHub, General Member Rep)
* Jayne Groll (DevOps Institute, General Member Rep)
* David Lai (Huawei/Futurewei)
* Stephen Chin (JFrog)
* Eric Chiang (Netflix)
* Dan Lorenc (Google, TOC Chair)
* Jennifer Hooper (Armory)
* Jason Hall (Red Hat)
* Emily Freeman (AWS)

**Also Participating**
* Tracy Miranda (CDF)
* Jacque Salinas (CDF)
* Gale McCommons (The Linux Foundation)
* Brian Dawson (The Linux Foundation)

**Not in Attendance**
* Anders Wallgren, (CloudBees)
* Katsuhita Ohta (Fujitsu)
* Nikhil Kaul (Google)
* Tiffany Jachja (Harness)

### Actions
Jacque Salinas will follow up with Brian Dawson and Emily Freeman regarding podcast guest spots

### Call to Order
Gale McCommons called the meeting to order at 10:02 p.m. Pacific Time, and recorded the minutes. A quorum of the CDF Governing Board Members was established for the conduct of business, and the meeting, having been duly convened, was ready to proceed with business.

### Antitrust Policy Notice
Gale McCommons reviewed and reiterated the Linux Foundation Antitrust Policy with the Governing Board, with the Governing Board affirming. 


### Agenda
Stephen Chin introduced the agenda for the meeting. There were no additional topics added. 

1. Approval of Minutes
2. Governing Board Updates
3. Membership Update
4. Strategic Goals & OKRs
    * End User & CD Adoption
    * Brand Awareness
    * OSS Projects Portfolio
5. AOB

### Meeting Minutes Approval
Gale McCommons introduced the topic of meeting minutes approval. Jason Hall made a motion, Tracy Ragan made a second. A vote was taken, and it was unanimously

**Resolved:** That the 10 June 2021 Meeting Minutes are approved, as described with any modifications, and as included within the records of the corresponding governing board meeting, are hereby approved.


### Governing Board Updates

Tracy Miranda introduced the topic of governing board updates, and introduced Peder Ulander and Emily Freeman from AWS. Peder Ulander will serve as the governing board representative, with Emily Freeman the governing board representative alternate.  Tracy Miranda extended a warm welcome to the AWS team.  Emily Freeman noted she is attending on behalf of AWS today, and will represent AWS whenever Peter is unable to attend. Emily Freeman noted she is excited to be here today, and to begin working with CDF. Tracy Miranda proceeded to lead the governing board through introductions to welcome Emily Freeman. 

Tracy Miranda proceeded to provide an overview of upcoming meetings for the remainder of the calendar year. She noted that the November meeting will take place in person at the LF Member Summit. Discussion ensued regarding virtual options for the November meeting. 

### Membership Update

Tracy Miranda introduced the topic of membership update, and proceeded to provide an update on membership renewal goals. CDF has reached the goal to retain 80% current membership, and noted that retention of general and end user members is at 92% and is at 87% for premier members. Membership recruitment is also on track, and CDF is now reaching for the stretch goal of onboarding four new premier members in 2021. She proceeded to share an update on the membership pipeline. 

### Strategic Goals & OKRs

Tracy Miranda introduced the topic of strategic goals and OKRs. She noted that today’s meeting is following a different format to review the OKRs, and provide detailed updates for each category of goals. 

### End User & CD Adoption

Tracy Miranda introduced the topic of End User & CD Adoption. She mentioned that the End User Council meetings are ongoing to facilitate engagement. She also noted that there are two upcoming panels, and asked that members please notify Tracy Miranda directly if they want to be part of those panels. 

Tracy Miranda also shared an overview of the data from the State of CD report, and noted it was also shared at cdCon. She also noted that the report from SlashData developer nation survey has been shared, and includes a recent picture of where industry is in terms of adoption of continuous delivery practices. She encouraged the governing board to have a look at the report. Discussion ensued regarding the recent analysis and reporting. 

### Brand Awareness

Jacque Salinas introduced the topic of the cdCon OKRs. She noted that total registration increased 294% from 2020, and there was also an overall improvement in cdCon metrics and the satisfaction score. Tracy Miranda noted that the team wants to keep the momentum going, and is building the events strategy for 2022. The intent is to keep the flagship event, and to provide hybrid attendance solutions. 

Jacque Salinas proceeded to share that she is looking for opportunities to collaborate with CNCF, and has identified a branding opportunity to collaborate on Supply Chain Security Con. 

Jacque Salinas went on to discuss the focus on CDF brand visibility. One of the things that has been a great program is The Pipeline podcast, and 47 episodes have been published in total. 

### OSS Projects Portfolio

Tracy Miranda introduced the topic of OSS Projects Portfolio, and shared that Dan Lorenc is stepping down as Technical Oversight Committee (TOC)chair, and there is an open election for a new chair. She reminded the governing board that the chair gets a seat on the governing board and gets to attend the meetings. She noted that this is the last governing board meeting for Dan Lorenc, and the election is in progress for his successor. 

Tracy Miranda proceeded to remind the board of the target to try and onboard four new projects this year. Shipwright is the first that has been onboarded for the year. Jason Hall led the charge to bring them into the community, and it was achieved at the end of last month. Jason Hall mentioned the Shipwright podcast recording, and that there is a noticeable increase in people joining the channel in slack, and filing bug reports. 

Tracy Miranda went on to share that there is a new special interest group that has been approved by the TOC. The group is the Chinese Localization SIG. She also shared an update on the Tekton security audit. The plan is to perform security audits on projects after they have reached graduated status. As a point of reference, CNCF does this for their projects. The kickoff of the security audit will take place as soon as possible. 

### AOB

Steve Chin introduced the topic of open discussion. There were no additional topics for discussion. 

### Adjournment

With no further topics discussed, Tracy Miranda adjourned the meeting of the Governing Board at 10:58 a.m. Pacific Time.

